DEPLS2 beatmap file format (draft). Extension: .ls2
Most things in here are subject to change.

DEPLS2 beatmap format consist of multiple sections, where each
section has FourCC and possibly with size depends on the FourCC itself.
The section can appear in any order. Like, storyboard section can appear
before beatmap section. LS2 parser should expect undefined sections.

Datatypes ("u" suffix means unsigned, except string). All are in little endian:
	dword - 4 bytes
	word - 2 bytes
	byte - 1 byte
	string - variable-length string. first dwordu is string length in bytes followed by the data

File information start:

Header: File header. Always "livesim2" (first 8 bytes)
	wordu - Amount of sections
	byteu - * bit 0-3: Used background ID (or 0 to use from BIMG section below or from config)
			* bit 4-7: Force note style (1 = old note style; 2 = v5 note style; 0 = no enforcing)
	byte  - Stamina display (or -1 to use from config)
	wordu - Score for each note tap (or 0 to use from config)

Sections:
1. BMPM - Beatmap data with millisecond timing. This section can appear multiple times,
		  in which case, the notes data are merged. This section must appear at least once
		  if BMPT section doesn't exist.
	dwordu - Amount of notes
	For Every amount of notes above:
		dwordu - Timing milliseconds
		dwordu - Attribute. Some possible values:
				 * 1-11 - Note images following Sukufesu simulator note colors in order. Ask yuyu for it, lol.
				 * If bit 0-3 is 1 - CBF extension colored note
					  bit 23-31 - R color (9 bits, unsigned)
					  bit 14-22 - G color (9 bits, unsigned)
					  bit 5-13  - B color (9 bits, unsigned)
		dwordu - Note effect
				 * bit 0-3 - Note position. 9 is leftmost, 1 is rightmost
				 * if bit 31 is 1 - Long note. bit 4-29 is the length in milliseconds
					* if bit 30 is 1 - Swing & long note
				 * otherwise (above):
					* if bit 4 and bit 5 is 0 - Normal note
					* if bit 4 and bit 5 is 1 - Swing note
					* if bit 4 is 1 and bit 5 is 0 - Token note
					* if bit 4 is 0 and bit 5 is 1 - Star note
				 * Note: There's no way to specify if notes is simultaneous, because it's determined at runtime
	End For

2. BMPT - Beatmap data with tick timing (like MIDI). This section can appear multiple times,
		  in which case, the notes data are merged. This section must appear at least once
		  if BMPM section doesn't exist.
	word   - PPQN in MIDI. Zero or negative is not allowed
	dwordu - BPM which is premultiplied by 1000 to retain BPM precision. Zero or negative is not a valid value
	dword  - Amount of notes
	For Every amount of notes above:
		* Note: same as BMPM, except timing is in tick, not in milliseconds.
		* If Attribute is 0xFFFFFFFF, then it's tempo change. Note effect is the new BPM premultipled by 1000
	End For

3. SCRI - Score info. Optional. Only one can be specificed. If none specificed, it's calculated using master song preset (total_combo * 729 for S score)
	dword - Score needed for C score
	dword - Score needed for B score
	dword - Score needed for A score
	dword - Score needed for S score

4. SRYL - Lua storyboard. Optional. Only one can be specificed
	string - Lua script data. Optionally zlib compressed
	* Note: Lua script shoudn't be precompiled! This is to ensure compatibility between Lua 5.1 and LuaJIT

5. UIMG - Custom unit image data. Optional. Can appear multiple times
	byte   - Image index
	string - Image data (Only PNG image allowed)

6. UNIT - Custom unit image definition. Optional. Can appear multiple times (max 9)
	byte - Custom unit image definition data amount
	For every data amount
		byte - Unit position. 9 is leftmost
		byte - Image index
	End For

7. BIMG - Custom background image data. Optional. Can appear multiple times
	byteu  - Background index. 0 is center, 1 is left, 2 is right, 3 is top, 4 is bottom
	string - Image data (Only PNG image allowed)

8. DATA - Custom data. Optional. Can appear multiple times
	string - Filename. Path separator must be in forward slash
	string - File data

9. ADIO - Audio/song file. Optional. Only one can be specificed
	byte   - Audio type. 0 is PCM in WAV, 1 is Vorbis in OGG, 2 is MP3. If other value is specificed, throw error.
	string - Audio data

10. COVR - Cover data. Optional. Only one can be specificed
	string - Cover title (can be empty, defaults to filename)
	string - Cover arrangement (can be empty, optional)
	string - Image data (Only PNG image allowed)

11. LCLR - Live Clear Audio SFX. Optional. Only one can be specificed
	* Note: same as ADIO
